Zeno 60% Ergo PCB (#17403)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/skme/zeno/readme.md

# Zeno Ergo 60%

> ![%KEYBOARD%](https://imgur.com/bO9qHCu.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![zeno](https://imgur.com/bO9qHCuh.png)
```

The following is the QMK Firmware for the Zeno 60% Ergo.

> The PCB features:
> * QMK & VIA compatibility
> * Pre-configured Space-FN
> 
> ---
> 
> * Keyboard Maintainer: [paulgali](https://github.com/paulgali)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [Holten Campbell](https://github.com/paulgali)
* Hardware Supported: *The PCBs, controllers supported*
* Hardware Availability: *Links to where you can find this hardware*
```
